Add blog about the vscode plugin (#1028)
stryker-mutator/stryker-mutator.github.io: blog/2025-10-31-vscode-plugin.md

---
slug: vscode-plugin
title: 'Announcing the Stryker VSCode Plugin'
authors: nicojs
tags: [vscode plugin]
---

> We're excited to announce the release of the official Stryker Mutator VSCode plugin! 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce the release of the official Stryker Mutator VS Code plugin! 🎉
```
Same thing for the othe VS Code mentions in the text :)
